docs: update outdated Access Management webui references (#57248)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/identity-governance/access-request-plugins/datadog-hosted.mdx

can request the built-in `editor` role, and an `editor-reviewer` role that can
review requests for the `editor` role.

> In the Teleport WebUI navigate to **Zero Trust Access -> Roles**. Then select **Create New

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Teleport Web UI navigate to **Zero Trust Access -> Roles**. Then select **Create New
```

## Step 4/6. Enroll the Datadog Incident Management plugin

At this point, you're now ready to enroll the Datadog Incident Management plugin.

> (!docs/pages/includes/plugins/enroll.mdx name="the Datadog Incident Management"!)

Reviewer 2: I would also use a horizontal layout for the image here. On my monitor, with 100 percent browser zoom, the image takes up most of the viewport.
